What's up, guys? So, this video, we're gonna be talking about creating mothership accounts, and this is…
This is essentially optional, but it's something that I think all Clippers should be doing.
Because it's something that…
will help you gain more views over time, and make it a lot easier to kickstart accounts. And you'll know what I mean by that after I go through this, but this is really important.
Especially if you want to be…
generating views right off the bat when you create client accounts. So… moving to…
How to create a mothership account.
Before I do this, I just want to explain exactly what it is. So…
A mothership account is basically going to be a niche-specific account where you take content
and repurpose it and repost content in a specific niche. So, let's say you have a sports niche, you would post content maybe from ESPN or NFL,
NBA, MLB, and repurpose content that's already on social media, and repost it onto your account.
and basically become a sports clips page. Now, why is that important for client accounts?
Well… If you create a niche-specific page for business.
and you then have a business niche creator that you're… that is a client that you're clipping for, you can actually use your Mothership account and collab
With your new account, so that your new account gets more views right off the bat.
And if you don't know what the Instagram collab is, this is something that
I can go over, in a minute. But, essentially, you will be… Tagging your new account
onto your Mothership account, and it'll be a post on your new account.
But your Mothership account followers will also get to see that first.
So…
Picking your niche. You want to choose something that has an abundance of content available on IG, TikTok, YouTube, and X. It's best to pick slight variations of tried and true social media niches.
The second thing is that you want to pick a niche that's broad enough so that you can use it to collab with other pages you create for our clients, which is what I was talking about earlier. Example, creating account for all things related to making money. So, if you have a niche account that's about side hustles, or
making money online, or just business. Those are gonna be really, really good accounts for that, for our clients that we bring on, that you could then collab with.
Once your niche is selected, it's time to actually create your account. So this is gonna be the very… the same thing as creating your client account. You're gonna make a fresh email.
Select your username, make sure it's…
You know, something that is a little bit catchy.
you know, there's a lot of usernames that are available on Instagram.
like I said, use a thesaurus, find synonyms. Sports clips, obviously probably isn't…
Available, but, depending on your niche, there's gonna be plenty of usernames that you can use, so just make sure you're using the one that coincides with the niche that you chose.
When selecting a logo, you're going to search your niche, followed by vector on Google Images, and then pick one that you like. This is just a simple hack, you'll find a bunch of logos that you can use, and just pick one.
And it's important that your account is very aesthetically pleasing. You're looking to replicate the way an Apple commercial feels when creating your account. Very simplistic, very aesthetically pleasing.
All of your videos, your profile, is going to look
Pleasing, it's not gonna look like a mess.
Now, it's time to start posting, so you're gonna download CapCut. This is gonna be the main app that you're using.
Download the content that has performed successfully in your niece. You're gonna use a website to do this, you don't have to save via the platform, because then it has the watermark.
But download the content that has performed successfully in your niche. So you're gonna go to Instagram, search your niche, find… go over to the Reels tab.
And then just find the ones that have gone the most viral, that have performed the best.
So if you're saving videos from Instagram, Google IG Downloader, click on, I think, the first link, paste the link of the video onto the website.
And download it.
Download the highest quality available.
It's gonna probably be a lot of gigs, but…
Don't worry about it. Make sure you're downloading the highest quality version available. Once you post it, you can delete it, if that's something you want to do. But once it's downloaded, crop it so that there's no white or black space on the borders of the actual video.
You want it to look clean.
Now, import the video into CapCut, adjust the ratio to TikTok format.
That's what it says in CapCut. Really, it's 9x16, which is the Reels format on Instagram as well. So it's TikTok or Reels format, those are the same exact format.
Next, you'll create a sticker.
you've probably seen on Instagram or TikTok those videos that
It's like a regular video, and then on the very top, there's almost like a caption.
that'll say, like, if only there was a page dedicated only to sports clips. You're gonna create something like that, and all you have to do to create the sticker is just tweet a phrase of your choice, and then screenshot it. You don't even have to post a tweet, just write it in the tweet box, and then screenshot it. You want to use the tweet because that's the…
Format that does the best.
So you're gonna crop that screenshot to just the text, and now you have your sticker. So you're gonna paste the sticker above the video to caption it. It's best to rotate through multiple of these when growing the account, so…
If only there was a page dedicated only to sports clips,
POV, you came here to watch sports, something like that, that you're gonna put on top of the video, just to make it, have that caption, and then it's also gonna make your page look more aesthetically pleasing.
Another thing is, you don't have to use these stickers for every video. Sometimes use your stickers, sometimes caption the video with the actual contents, of the video. So, don't use it every time, but I would use it a lot of the times. Make sure you're switching through, especially when you're first growing your account.
So now that you know how to edit your videos, you can actually start posting them. Caption the video something aesthetically pleasing, such as, at Hurdled is the best sports page on IG. Simple, but it gets the point across. You want to be posting at a minimum.
5 times per day, but you can post as many times as you'd like. And remember, you're not really editing anything in these videos. All you're doing is popping the sticker on it and reposting it. You're repurposing it, so it shouldn't be very hard to post 5, 10, 15 times a day. You're just searching for videos and reposting them, downloading them.
And putting them on your own page.
Now, as a general rule of thumb.
The more you post, the better.
My brother is actually gaining 30,000 followers a day in an incredibly profitable niche, and he posts 30-plus times per day.
There's pages out there that are posting 50 times a day that have millions of followers. Obviously, you don't have to do that, but…
The more you post, the more consistent you are with posting, The faster you'll see success.
And then make sure to wait at least 4 minutes between each post.
If you don't wait 4 minutes, you risk getting action blocked and suspended, potentially
Completely banned. So make sure you're waiting at least 4 minutes. 5 to 10 minutes is probably good, but make sure you're within that 4-minute window.
Now you're posting, you're wondering when you're gonna start gaining followers. I went over this in the client accounts, but it's the same exact thing.
Sometimes it can be your second video, sometimes it's your 500th video.
As long as you're consistent, you will reach a point where you start to gain lots and lots of followers quickly.
So, just make sure you're staying consistent, post as many times as you want per day, the more the better.
Lastly, and I went over this with the client's accounts too, this is a game of consistency. If you are the person who can post 10 times per day, every single day, for 6 weeks, 6 months.
You will make this Mothership account, and you will grow it, and you'll have hundreds of thousands of followers, and then when you create more client accounts.
And you work for new clients, Those accounts will be…
Generating views way faster, they'll be gaining followers way faster.
And everything will be easier for you, and you'll make way more money.
So this is very important when it comes to the mothership accounts.
Okay, so that's everything for Mothership accounts.
client accounts, I think that's gonna be the… it's either the next video, or it was the video that you just watched.
But, they go hand in hand.
Some of them have the same principles.
Make sure you're working on both. Again, like I said, the mothership account is technically optional, you don't have to use it, but if you want to find a way to start growing your accounts faster, the Mothership account is something that you should definitely be prioritizing and using.
So, yeah.
Let me know if you guys have any questions. Again, drop those questions in the chat when you're watching these videos, if you have any questions at all, or you can shoot me a DM, but I prefer the chat so that everyone can see your questions, it's not…
Everyone's asking the same question in the DMs at the same time.
So again, Keep watching these videos, and I will see you on the live trainings.
See you guys later.